planner: update document about non-prepared plan cache (#14654)
pingcap/docs: optimizer-fix-controls.md

- In some scenarios, when the `Probe` side of an `IndexJoin` operator contains a `Selection` operator, TiDB severely overestimates the row count of `IndexScan`. This might cause suboptimal query plans to be selected instead of `IndexJoin`.
- To mitigate this issue, TiDB has introduced an improvement. However, due to potential query plan fallback risks, this improvement is disabled by default.
- This variable controls whether to enable the preceding improvement.

> ### [`45132`](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/45132) <span class="version-mark">New in v7.4.0</span>

Author: A new update, PTAL @Oreoxmt

- Default value: `1000`
- Possible values: `[0, 2147483647]`

> - This variable controls whether to use the heuristic strategy to select access paths, where the heuristic strategy is that if the estimated rows of an access path like `Index_A` is much less than others' (default `1000` times), then skip their cost comparison and select `Index_A` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable sets the threshold for the optimizer's heuristic strategy to select access paths. If the estimated rows for an access path (such as `Index_A`) is much smaller than that of other access paths (default `1000` times), the optimizer skips the cost comparison and directly selects `Index_A`.
```
